[dashboards] add template variable available values (#11874)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/template_variables.md

A template variable is defined by:

* **Tag or Attribute**:
    * Tag: If you follow the recommended [tagging format][1] (`<KEY>:<VALUE>`), the *Tag* is the `<KEY>`.
    * Attribute: Use a [facet or measure as the template variable](#logs-apm-and-rum-queries).

> * **Name**: A unique name for the template variable. Template variables are automatically named after the selected tag or attribute. This name is how the variable will appear in queries on the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Name**: A unique name for the template variable that appears in queries on the dashboard. Template variables are automatically named after the selected tag or attribute.
```

* **Default Value**: The tag or attribute value that appears automatically when the dashboard is loaded. Defaults to `*`.

> * **Available Values**: The tag or attribute values available for selection in the dropdown. Defaults to `(all)`. The list of available values will always include `*`, which queries all values of the tag or attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Available Values**: The tag or attribute values available for selection in the dropdown. Defaults to `(all)`. The list of available values always includes `*`, which queries all values of the tag or attribute.
```

After creating a template variable, Datadog displays the number of sources using the variable. In the example below, the template variable `team` is used in two graphs on the dashboard:

> {{< img src="dashboards/template_variables/stats_tv_modal.png" alt="template variable modal with several variables set" style="width:90%;">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="dashboards/template_variables/stats_tv_modal.png" alt="Template variable with several variables set" style="width:90%;">}}
```
